---
title: Release 0.2.1
authors: sudhindra
tags: [pyrsia, cli, installer, service, configuration, release, '0.2.1']
---
## Announcing a new release

We are happy to announce the release of [version 0.2.1](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/releases/tag/v0.2.1) today!

This release has incremental improvements over the [version 0.2.0](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/releases/tag/v0.2.0) we had released at the CDSummit at Kubecon in Detroit.

Other than usual software quality improvements we have been able to include the following:

* Better CLI experience - easy to configure
* MacOSX installer is able to start the service automatically - better experience for getting started.
* Now you are able to automatically request builds on Pyrsia if an artifact does not exist on the network.
* Improved and updated documentation

## Integration tests and Staging environment

We invested a lot of time in this release to improve our testing etiquette this release.
We now have a set of [integration tests](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia-integration-tests) that we rely on to ensure that the network is stable and the apis we offer continue to remain stable.
We did not have a dedicated infrastructure to test before going to production. So as invested in a staging that allows us to test in a controlled environment before we release to production. This environment also allows us to experiment with our infrastructure as well before we make those changes into production.

More testing is better!

Please download our installers, try out Pyrsia with docker and let us know if you are looking for something we do not yet support.
