---
title: Release 0.2.3
authors: manas_das
tags: [pyrsia, rust, onboarding, upgrade, '0.2.3']
---

## Announcing First Release of 2023

Here we wish a Happy New Year 2023 to all contributors, sponsors, CDF community, followers and the DevOps community
members. In this year we will continue on our mission to solve a few high stake issues in Software Supply Chain.

We are happy to announce the release of [version 0.2.3](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/releases/tag/v0.2.3) today!

We are our continued journey on a small & frequent release schedule. This is to allow us to release consistently and in 
small increments as we decided.

Here are a few salient features we added to the release:

* Improved release docs with manual more test plan to ensure more confidence on the release and to provide more 
transparency.
* A new operation to Pyrsia CLI to remove configuration completely to get a default config automatically as soon as we 
initiate a get through various way.
* To provide better onboarding experience to new contributors, we made some significant onboarding doc updates to help 
with the understanding of Pyrsia and different toolset and framework we are using.
* In GitHub build pipeline we pinned Windows and OS X version to be more definitive.
* Using libp2p's GossipSub to distribute blocks among peers in more robust fashion.
* Blocked any openssl direct & transitive dependency to avoid clash with ssl provided by the platform.

Here is a list of features we hope to cover in the upcoming release. They are listed as part of 
[the milestone definition](https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/milestone/9).

Please [download our installers](https://pyrsia.io/docs/tutorials/quick-installation/), try out Pyrsia with Docker and 
[let us know](https://pyrsia.io/docs/community/get_involved/) if you are looking for something Pyrsia does not support 
yet.
